extension	Software
add	Interaction
chrome	Software
gives	Interaction
warning	Interaction Data
closing	Interaction
tabs	Workspace
window	Workspace
have	Interaction
tabs	Interaction Data
click	Interaction
windows	Workspace
cross	Workspace
close	Interaction
window	Workspace
add	Interaction
chrome	Software
give	Interaction
warning	Interaction Data
close	Interaction
all	Interaction Data
tabs	Interaction Data
window	Workspace
open	Workspace
tab	Workspace
closing	Interaction
tabs	Interaction Data
window	Workspace
 	 
Android	Software
Going	Interaction
back	Interaction
tab	Workspace
history	Interaction Data
minimizes	Interaction
Chrome	Software
closing	Interaction
tab	Workspace
go	Interaction
back	Interaction Data
tab	Workspace
close	Interaction
tab	Workspace
take	Interaction
tab	Workspace
looking	Interaction
minimizes	Interaction
Chrome	Software
close	Interaction
tab	Workspace
flag	Interaction Data
set	Interaction
 	 
remove	Interaction
blue	Workspace
border	Workspace
links/buttons	Workspace
clicked	Interaction
happens	Interaction
profiles/accounts	Interaction Data
computer	Software
 	 
Chrome	Software
breaks	Interaction
minimised	Interaction
Chrome	Software
Canary	Software
latest	Software
version	Software
Flags	Software
Windows	Software
11	Software
minimise	Interaction
window	Workspace
open	Interaction
window	Workspace
freezes	Interaction
 	 
Navigation	Domain Data
instructions	Domain Data
spoken	Domain Data
instructions	Domain Data
tell	Interaction
go	Activity
crossing	Domain Data
take	Activity
turn	Domain Data
take	Activity
turn	Domain Data
telling	Interaction
app	Software
navigating	Activity
gpx	Domain Data
route	Domain Data
app	Software
gives	Interaction
instructions	Interaction Data
ride	Domain Data
Turn	Interaction
sound	Interaction Data
instructions	Interaction Data
 	 
using	Interaction
komoot	Software
navigate	Interaction
data	Interaction Data
outside	Interaction Data
my	Interaction Data
region	Interaction Data
buy	Interaction
maps	Interaction Data
use	Interaction
navigation	Interaction Data
outside	Interaction Data
my	Interaction Data
region	Interaction Data
plan	Interaction
see	Interaction
route	Interaction Data
map	Workspace
get	Interaction
navigation	Interaction Data
instructions	Interaction Data
region	Domain Data
regions	Domain Data
world	Domain Data
komoot	Software
premium	Software
 	 
SAVE	Interaction
BOOKMARK	Interaction
place	Interaction Data
website	Software
iOS	Software
Komoot	Software
save	Interaction
address	Interaction Data
search	Interaction
Android	Software
recent	Interaction Data
searches	Interaction Data
list	Interaction Data
search	Interaction
click	Interaction
web	Software
iOS	Software
device	Software
add	Interaction
somewhere	Interaction Data
near	Interaction Data
your	Interaction Data
home	Interaction Data
road	Interaction Data
highlight	Interaction Data
Bookmarks	Domain Data
Komoot	Software
start	Interaction
map	Workspace
starting	Interaction Data
point	Interaction Data
save	Interaction
map	Interaction Data
bookmarking	Interaction
url	Interaction Data
start	Interaction
route	Interaction Data
 	 
personal	Domain Data
notes	Domain Data
add	Interaction
personal	Interaction Data
notes	Interaction Data
segments	Interaction Data
remember	Activity
road	Domain Data
conditions	Domain Data
obstacles	Domain Data
segment	Domain Data
add	Interaction
public	Interaction Data
tips	Interaction Data
 	 
VLC	Software
store	Internal Action
certificates	Internal Data
accepted‏‏‎‏‏‎‏‏‎‏‏‎­some	Interaction
certificate	Interaction Data
delete	Interaction
 	 
VLC	Software
reset	Internal Action
DISABLE	Internal Data
start	Interaction
VLC	Software
playing	Interaction
file	Interaction Data
.ISO	Interaction Data
file	Interaction Data
video	Interaction Data
file	Interaction Data
video	Interaction Data
plays	Interaction
audio	Interaction Data
click	Interaction
menu	Workspace
change	Interaction
tracks	Interaction Data
setting	Interaction
Preferred	Interaction Data
Language	Interaction Data
start	Interaction
VLC	Software
play	Interaction
video	Interaction Data
video	Interaction Data
plays	Interaction
audio	Interaction Data
click	Interaction
menu	Workspace
change	Interaction
tracks	Interaction Data
use	Interaction
SEEK	Workspace
bar	Workspace
skip	Interaction
use	Interaction
press	Interaction
Audio	Interaction Data
Track	Interaction Data
set	Interaction
change	Interaction
default	Interaction Data
behavior	Interaction Data
VLC	Software
opens	Interaction
playing	Interaction
file	Interaction Data
 	 
Green/Purple	Workspace
Tint	Workspace
VLC	Software
LG	Software
G1	Software
play	Interaction
videos	Interaction Data
green/purplish	Workspace
tint	Workspace
Dolby	Domain Data
Vision	Domain Data
videos	Domain Data
TV	Software
LG	Software
G1	Software
Dolby	Domain Data
Vision	Domain Data
 	 
Disable	Interaction
Error	Interaction Data
dialog	Interaction Data
message	Interaction Data
PC	Software
lubuntu	Software
RaspPi	Software
4b	Software
run	Interaction
auto	Interaction Data
start	Interaction Data
VLC	Software
launch	Interaction
stream	Interaction Data
full	Workspace
screen	Workspace
player	Workspace
window	Workspace
stops	Interaction
device	Software
stream	Interaction Data
restart	Interaction
error	Workspace
dialog	Workspace
stream	Domain Data
disable	Interaction
minimize	Interaction
error	Workspace
 	 